Fixed #31026 -- Switched form rendering to template engine (#14819)
django/django: docs/topics/forms/formsets.txt

.. attribute:: BaseFormSet.renderer

    Specifies the :doc:`renderer </ref/forms/renderers>` to use for the 
    formset. Defaults to the renderer specified by the :setting:`FORM_RENDERER`
    setting.

.. attribute:: BaseFormSet.template_name

    The name of the template used when calling ``__str__`` or 
    :meth:`.render()`. This template renders the formsets management
    forms and then each form in the formset as per the template defined by the
    forms :attr:`~django.forms.Form.template_name`. This is a proxy of 
    ``as_table`` by default.

.. attribute:: BaseFormSet.template_name_p

    The name of the template used when calling :meth:`.as_p()`. By default
    this is ``'django/forms/formsets/p.html'``. This template renders the
    formsets management forms and then each form in the formset as per the 
    forms :meth:`~django.forms.Form.as_p()` method.

.. attribute:: BaseFormSet.template_name_ul

    The name of the template used when calling :meth:`.as_ul()`. By default
    this is ``'django/forms/formsets/ul.html'``. This template renders the
    formsets management forms and then each form in the formset as per the 

>     forms :meth:`~django.forms.Form.as_ul()` method.

Reviewer: Do we need to add these? We don't currently support this so it's a new feature right? 🤔

I guess I'm thinking `render()` and `template_name` might be enough here?

        </table>
    </form>

The above ends up calling the ``render()`` method on the formset class. This
renders the formset using the template specified by the formsets
``template_name`` attribute. Similar to forms by default the formset will be
rendered ``as_table`` with other helper methods of ``as_p`` and ``as_ul``
being available. The rendering of the formset can be customized by overwriting
this formsets ``template_name`` attribute or more generally by overriding the
default template, see also :ref:`Overriding built-in form templates
<overriding-built-in-form-templates>`.

* template_name: ``'django/forms/formsets/default.html'``
* template_name_p (``as_p``): ``'django/forms/formsets/p.html'``
* template_name_table (``as_table``): ``'django/forms/formsets/table.html'``

> * template_name_ul (``as_ul``): ``'django/forms/formsets/ul.html'``

Author: Thank you, I've currently gone with the following. 

"The default templates used by formsets are:"

        </table>
    </form>

The above ends up calling the :meth:`BaseFormSet.render()` method on the
formset class. This renders the formset using the template specified by the
:attr:`~BaseFormSet.template_name` attribute. Similar to forms, by default the
formset will be rendered ``as_table``, with other helper methods of ``as_p``
and ``as_ul`` being available. The rendering of the formset can be customized
by specifying the ``template_name`` attribute, or more generally by
:ref:`overriding the default template <overriding-built-in-formset-templates>`.

.. versionchanged:: 4.0

>     Formsets are now rendered using the template engine. To enable this
>     :attr:`BaseFormSet.renderer`, :attr:`BaseFormSet.template_name`, 
>     :attr:`BaseFormSet.template_name_p`, :attr:`BaseFormSet.template_name_ul`,
>     :attr:`BaseFormSet.template_name_table`, :meth:`BaseFormSet.render()`, and
>     :meth:`BaseFormSet.get_context()` were added.

Reviewer 2: I'd add `versionadded` annotations to all new attributes and methods and change it to the:
```suggestion
     Rendering of formsets was moved to the template engine.
```

        </table>
    </form>

> The above ends up calling the :meth:`BaseFormSet.render()` method on the 
> formset class. This renders the formset using the template specified by the 
> :attr:`~BaseFormSet.template_name` attribute. Similar to forms by default the 
> formset will be rendered ``as_table`` with other helper methods of ``as_p`` and
> ``as_ul`` being available. The rendering of the formset can be customized by 
> overwriting this formsets ``template_name`` attribute or more generally by 
> overriding the default template, see also :ref:`Overriding built-in formset 
> templates <overriding-built-in-formset-templates>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above ends up calling the :meth:`BaseFormSet.render()` method on the
formset class. This renders the formset using the template specified by the
:attr:`~BaseFormSet.template_name` attribute. Similar to forms, by default the
formset will be rendered ``as_table``, with other helper methods of ``as_p``
and ``as_ul`` being available. The rendering of the formset can be customized
by specifying the ``template_name`` attribute, or more generally by
:ref:`overriding the default template <overriding-built-in-formset-templates>`.
```
